Ben Pfaff: Hi, Joe.
Joe Beda: Hello, how are you?
Ben Pfaff: I'm doing okay. A busy weekend, I was at a Halloween fair.
Joe Beda: A Halloween fair, is that, like, a Ren Faire, but, like…
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, but all the Rennies are dressed up as things like witches and wizards instead.
Joe Beda: So…
Ben Pfaff: Different story.
Joe Beda: A haunted house?
Ben Pfaff: A little… not… not really. That would imply a level of organization that's higher than there really is.
Joe Beda: Hey, Gabe.
Ben Pfaff: Let me see, I was, I was playing Gandalf this weekend. Find a good photo.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, here, I'll post it to the Discord.
Joe Beda: What might… Why can't I log into D&D Beyond?
Gabe: Yeah, I was having the same problem.
Ben Pfaff: The problem I had was that I'd forgotten… it'd been so long that I'd logged in that I'd forgotten that I'd logged in with a Google account instead of a password, so I spent a long time looking for a password that didn't exist.
Joe Beda: You know what? That's what just happened to me, and I
Joe Beda: Oh, and I… we leveled up, right? We're level 6 now?
Gabe: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Alright, I don't know what this means. No, that's right.
Joe Beda: What did I choose? I'm still debating what I want to do for my,
Joe Beda: I might do Lucky.
Gabe: Lucky's a good one, I enjoy that.
Joe Beda: Okay, so number of luck points equal to our proficiency bonus.
Joe Beda: Which is 3, so that's not bad.
Joe Beda: What'd you get your proficiency team bonus up to when you were playing.
Gabe: Oh, let me look, because I still have the character.
Joe Beda: And what drives proficiency bonus?
Gabe: Proficiency was 5. I think it's a… Class level thing? Let's see…
Joe Beda: Oh, determined by level, yeah.
Gabe: Yeah, lovely.
Gabe: Interesting. So you gotta feed this level, then?
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Gabe: Nice.
Ben Pfaff: I didn't get a choice of one. I guess all the classes are different.
Gabe: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Wait, now did it log me out again?
Joe Beda: Wait, what's going on here? Oh, no, I logged in elsewhere.
Mike Hall: Hey, everybody!
Joe Beda: Where am I?
Gabe: Good, Mike.
Mike Hall: -Oh, my audio's not working.
Ben Pfaff: We can hear you.
Ben Pfaff: But me telling you that won't help.
Mike Hall: Oh, it's my…
Mike Hall: Somebody say something.
Ben Pfaff: Hi, Mike.
Mike Hall: That's still not working. Alright.
Mike Hall: Zoom is 100.
Mike Hall: Let's switch to this.
Ben Pfaff: So, cost.
Mike Hall: Can I hear you guys now?
Ben Pfaff: huh?
Joe Beda: Check, check.
Gabe: Another one?
Mike Hall: Alright, this is ridiculous.
Mike Hall: Why is this not working?
Ben Pfaff: Maybe you need to have, like, headphones on, and you don't.
Mike Hall: Is there, like, a mute button I hit?
Ben Pfaff: Troubleshoot, shoot, but he can't… Let's give him all kinds of useful advice that he can't hear.
Gabe: Clearly.
Ben Pfaff: It's probably USB.
Gabe: Probably USB.
Gabe: Super bad.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, it is how we connect everything these days, so…
Ben Pfaff: It is in the middle of most of the problems.
Mike Hall: on devices.
Gabe: Nope.
Mike Hall: I'm just gonna reboot. I'll be back in a minute.
Kostadis Roussos: I joined.
Kostadis Roussos: A successful business. I met and navigated corporate laptops and, Zoom, and,
Kostadis Roussos: Indian Wi-Fi, so I'm very excited.
Ben Pfaff: It… and it all works.
Kostadis Roussos: I have an announcement to make, because this group appreciates the ever and never-ending saga of Quesada said USB.
Ben Pfaff: That's why we don't have Mike, he had to reboot. He wasn't working.
Joe Beda: Are you on the other side of the world and the pins are reversed?
Kostadis Roussos: Can I just say that would have been more… less funny than… more… it was more funny than what I was gonna say, so… But yes, so… so the short version is…
Kostadis Roussos: I managed to get a Steam Deck, and
Kostadis Roussos: the thing I… I was very… and I even got the monitor, but I forgot that, USB-C is not USB-C is not USB-C.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, it turns out you need the USB-C that is the display cable, not the USB-C that is the power cable.
Gabe: it out.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, right, yes.
Joe Beda: Well, it depends on the monitor and everything, right? But yeah, there's, like…
Joe Beda: Apparently, like, you know, the year.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, no. And there are ones that do both, right? But I manage to have the ones that don't.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is fine, I mean, you know, it's okay. I looked down at my screen, it was, you know, the world didn't end. It was also, it also made me feel less bad about the fact that, Singapore Airlines, a little known fact to me, apparently everybody else on the planet knows this, has different weight limits on their flights than other airlines.
Gabe: For your carry-on bags.
Joe Beda: Would they weigh your carry-on bags?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and it has to be 7 and 4.
Kostadis Roussos: Kilos.
Gabe: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear, it has to be 4 and 7. It can't be 11 and 1, right?
Joe Beda: So…
Kostadis Roussos: And so, I showed up with 2 bags, which were over, I admit it, but not over when I traveled to Europe, so I was like, okay, this is fine, and then 7 and 4. I said, well, can I have one that is 11? They're like, no.
Kostadis Roussos: And I'm like, I only have two bags, what am I supposed to do? And I can't put, like… and then they're on… and you can't put the vat… you can't put the lithium stuff in the battery, and now they're looking over my shoulder, so I can't even do the… my call thing.
Kostadis Roussos: So… so frantically, so I take my, fortunately, I had to buy an extra backpack just to fly in this.
Ben Pfaff: That's wild. I've never had anyone weigh a carry-on bag.
Gabe: Did they make…
Joe Beda: Did they make you… did they make you fly him back, Costatus?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gabe: Did they make you fly in the back of the plane, or the front of the plane? Front.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I was… I had premium economy, it was fine. The flight was fine, but it was just more of, like, apparently there is this rule, so if you're a traveling economy or premium economy, be aware that Singapore Airlines has a different weight requirement when traveling to Southeast Asia, than European flights.
Joe Beda: And they will weigh your bags.
Gabe: Huh.
Gabe: This is what?
Ben Pfaff: Do they weigh you?
Kostadis Roussos: How's it gonna go? Like, at this point in time, why don't… what if I said I weigh less than, you know, certain kilos so that I could get more… some of that weight back?
Joe Beda: Shovin' shit in your pockets, whatever.
Gabe: What are they gonna do?
Mike Hall: I…
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't… well, you know.
Joe Beda: Mike, can you hear me.
Kostadis Roussos: My hat.
Ben Pfaff: Can you hear us, Mike?
Mike Hall: I can.
Joe Beda: Oh, beautiful!
Mike Hall: Finally.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I was just telling folks that when you travel with Singapore Airlines, be aware that they have a 7 and 4 kilogram weight limit.
Gabe: For carry-ons, apparently.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. The thing that goes under your seat can be 4, and the thing that goes over is 7.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And, and they will weigh it.
Mike Hall: And they actually weigh it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, they will actually weigh it.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow.
Ben Pfaff: Germans aren't this, picky.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, and yes, I was telling folks that, you know, Mike, in honor of my USB travails, I even… I even got the, I had bought this a while ago.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the external display.
Mike Hall: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: But I forgot that there are different kinds of USB cables.
Joe Beda: Okay, so allegedly, you know how the European Union is all hot on USB for charging and all that stuff, right?
Mike Hall: Right? Yes.
Joe Beda: Apparently, the new regulation, at least I saw a headline, was that charging bricks have to have a detachable cable.
Joe Beda: And they have to start labeling the cables.
Joe Beda: with, like, what flavor of USB, I guess, or whatever they are, which I.
Gabe: That would be so nice.
Kostadis Roussos: No, right?
Joe Beda: I'm just looking on my desk here. I got this cable, which is kind of a little chonky, so maybe that one's good for something, and then I got this other cable, and I have no idea, and these came with stuff, so, like, who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Gabe: up.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, it's just outrageous. I'm sorry, I just think, how many different kinds of USB cables could there possibly be?
Gabe: That's the USB-C… the USB-C monster, right?
Ben Pfaff: I…
Mike Hall: I've actually started only buying cables that are… I don't know if this is gonna work, if it's gonna focus this close.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Which are what? I'm looking for pointers, so I'm gonna buy a new cable, so I need to know what kind of.
Mike Hall: Okay, so I've gotten to where I only buy this one. This cable says… 5 amps, 10 gigabits.
Mike Hall: Like, it says exactly what it's capable of doing, like, how much power delivery it can do, 5 amps at 20 volts, so it's 100… this can do 100 watts, and it can do 10 gigabits at the same time.
Ben Pfaff: I'm gonna have to… I'm gonna have to remember to only get cables by stealing them from Mike.
Mike Hall: Or, you know what, a quick text message to Mike. Mike, what cable should I buy? Yeah, it's the same, but it's for the same reasons. Like, it's infuriating to pick up a cable and not know, like, how much power can this carry, how much, like, what… I have no idea.
Mike Hall: And, like, I have, like, how many USB-C to USB-C cables do I have that were, like, included? I had one with my monitor, and I have no idea… they… they're just black, they don't say anything. I have no idea what they are.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Well, I just want everybody to know that I… what vendor… what vendor is this, Mike? So, so that we… do you know what the vendor is?
Mike Hall: Let me… I'll find the links that… for… this is…
Kostadis Roussos: Silic land.
Joe Beda: I would want to get, like.
Mike Hall: Fazbear, F-A-S-G-E-A-R.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: So you can get these, like, for 40 bucks, you can get these USB cable testers that tell you all the stuff that you need to know about the cable.
Kostadis Roussos: Why do I need to buy a tester?
Joe Beda: I don't know, but I kinda want one now.
Mike Hall: Now that he knows it exists, he has to have it.
Joe Beda: I know, right? Because it's like, I wanna know, like, which cables suck and which cables are good.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if you do find one and it does work, send me note, because I need to do a… I need to do a USB-C cable purge.
Joe Beda: I mean, that's not a bad… not a bad idea.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I'm just like, all about… I feel like the ancient mariner. Cables, cables everywhere, but nary one that connects.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this is why… this is why Gemini was invented.
Gabe: For what it's worth, Cristades, the consensus online seems to be that Singapore Airlines only weighs your bags if you're suspicious.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I hate to say this, but you'll notice that we do not look like the kinds of people that fly to Singapore Airlines every week.
Mike Hall: Fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Just to be clear, I wouldn't be making this comment to a collection of Indians who fly on the flights every week, or people from Southeast Asia, but a bunch of white dudes
Kostadis Roussos: Look, obviously confused, just throwing that out there.
Ben Pfaff: Well, all I can say…
Kostadis Roussos: In your case, Gabe, if you're going with your husband, it probably is not an issue.
Gabe: Not so far, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but for those of us who don't, you know…
Ben Pfaff: I think they must have taken beware of Greeks bearing bags to heart.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, with a spoof with, where the thing that…
Ben Pfaff: At least Gabe left.
Mike Hall: No, I suffered.
Ben Pfaff: went down better than my, a Bundt cake joke from many years ago.
Gabe: Do we want to know?
Ben Pfaff: Just in one of those,
Ben Pfaff: PE meetings, I made the joke from my big fat Greek wedding about the Bundt cake.
Mike Hall: I've never seen that movie.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, hi.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh! You must.
Mike Hall: And I don't say this as a Greek, I say this as if you want to know.
Kostadis Roussos: If you want to virtually attend my wedding, you could go to… you could go watch that movie. Literally every…
Ben Pfaff: It's a great movie.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it is, it is. It's actually a very good movie.
Ben Pfaff: It's hilarious.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and for those who don't know, the author of the movie, the producer of the movie was Thomas Hank, Tom Hanks?
Kostadis Roussos: And Tom Hanks is married to a Greek woman.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, there you go.
Kostadis Roussos: And when you watch that.
Mike Hall: He had the real… so it's a documentary film.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, as making… yeah, Natasha, as a Greek… as a non-Greek woman, experienced every scene in that movie. Literally. Every. Single one.
Kostadis Roussos: That's fine. Including the wedding invitation fiasco.
Kostadis Roussos: My mom was very proud of the wedding invitations, and she was really excited about them, and she spent months talking about how they were going to be the world's best wedding invitations, right? So, finally, one arrives at our house, and Natasha goes, it's in Greek.
Ben Pfaff: Ugh.
Kostadis Roussos: My mom says, no problem, and she prints out a copy. So, our friends in the U.S. got a Greek invitation with the photocopy.
Mike Hall: That's hilarious.
Kostadis Roussos: So yeah, so you see the movie, you'll know which scene I'm talking about. I think Ben already knows the scene.
Ben Pfaff: It's been a long time since I saw the movie, I might have to see it again, which I wouldn't mind.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, alright, okay, so you arrive on the shores of the Dark Lake. Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, we're playing a game, I forgot.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, yes, yes, yes.
Mike Hall: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no.
Kostadis Roussos: I do… I will send this, by the way.
Gabe: You make a pretty good Gandalf, I like it.
Ben Pfaff: Thanks.
Mike Hall: Oh yeah, I saw that picture as I was scrambling right before my reboot. I didn't actually look at it very closely.
Ben Pfaff: I forgot to buy a great big, white, gray beard, but I'll do that for next year.
Mike Hall: Oh, you even have the.
Joe Beda: Beard, you're just generic wizard.
Mike Hall: You have the, you have, you have the ring.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, it's funny.
Mike Hall: people hope.
Ben Pfaff: to ring a head around from, another roll.
Mike Hall: Nice.
Mike Hall: What you need to do is have that set up, and then have another one that's, like, the pure white.
Gabe: So that was good.
Mike Hall: Halfway through the fest, you go and you change into the pure white, like, you disappear for 10 minutes, and everybody's like, where did Gandalf Gray go?
Gabe: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: That's a good idea.
Mike Hall: You come back as Gandalf the White.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God, the rhyme of the ancient travel… the modern traveler.
Ben Pfaff: Is this generated by an LLM?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Huh.
Ben Pfaff: I think I'll read that later.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so just, just so you all know, yes, it's, it's a…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes, I've discovered LLMs are really good at doing that.
Kostadis Roussos: That is the one thing that they're actually very good at doing. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, you've arrived on the shores, wet, cold, miserable.
Kostadis Roussos: And Jim Jar is pretty excited to see you, to be there. He says, We are but a day's journey from the outskirts of Blindensen. I know it for sure this time.
Ben Pfaff: Well, let's go.
Kostadis Roussos: He… but he pauses to say, but, but I know that sometimes we need to take… I would like to make a bet that one of you is going to demand arrest.
Ben Pfaff: Let me see, how am I doing?
Joe Beda: I mean, now that you mention it, arrest wouldn't be a bad idea, but I can go without if we need to.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Mike Hall: I'm in a similar boat, I've only got one spell burn.
Ben Pfaff: We got off the boat.
Kostadis Roussos: So, wait, wait, you're not going to take a rest?
Mike Hall: Yeah, we could take a… we can take a long rest, that would be cool, just reset everything.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, excellent! I made… I want… I won my bet. This is that, and that is all that is important on this day.
Ben Pfaff: Who took… who took the bet?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, slight miscalculation there,
Kostadis Roussos: Does anyone want to bet that, that Gurghum's gonna take the bet?
Mike Hall: I don't think that's how betting works.
Kostadis Roussos: It isn't.
Ben Pfaff: I'll take that bet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but I've learned something from working with you, Grigham. I can't do those bets anymore. They're a guaranteed loss.
Kostadis Roussos: I have learned my lessons.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no one…
Ben Pfaff: I made it.
Kostadis Roussos: Rick, okay, so… da-da-dum.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so as, as you approach
Kostadis Roussos: Langdonston, so we take a long rest so that we just don't have that
Kostadis Roussos: He says, we should always… we have swum, we have drank in the water is… we're cold, we're wet, we're miserable, I would like to take a rest. And he plops himself down and takes a nap.
Joe Beda: Alright, are we doing a short rest or a long rest?
Kostadis Roussos: Up to you guys.
Joe Beda: Any downside for doing the long rest, or…
Kostadis Roussos: No, none.
Joe Beda: Okay, let's do a long rest, then.
Mike Hall: Yeah, let's do a long rest.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Gabe: So, just to confirm that DM statement of none, we're not being pursued anymore, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, we're not… yes, you're not being pursued.
Gabe: as…
Kostadis Roussos: As…
Ben Pfaff: As my fencing coach would say, you can take a long rest when you're dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Google WAP goes, well, this is interesting, what does a long wrist mean?
Ben Pfaff: It means rest and recuperation. You feel better, you recharge your abilities, you know which way to flip the USB connector, it's like magic.
Kostadis Roussos: perhaps… perhaps… perhaps this explains why on some days when I've…
Kostadis Roussos: I guess, closed my eyes for a bit, and wake up, I feel so much refreshed.
Ben Pfaff: Tis true.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh!
Gabe: Did they change the longRest interface?
Mike Hall: Yeah, it changed. Now he's asking me if I want to use the 2014 rules or the 2024 rules.
Gabe: Yeah.
Joe Beda: I guess we're doing 2024 rules?
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know what they are.
Mike Hall: They always were, I thought.
Gabe: Do we recover half or all hip dives?
Mike Hall: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Ulf.
Gabe: So, 2024, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, the 2020-14 rules had this rule of…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't, I don't even have this as you…
Gabe: Enjoy.
Kostadis Roussos: Technology, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Except, now I have to do something.
Kostadis Roussos: Why is it… oh, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I'm trying to get into the, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, while you're taking a long rest, status is bringing up the web browsers, dealing with the extraordinary latency of downloading stuff from the other end of the Earth.
Joe Beda: Are you in a fancy hotel, or in some sort of corporate housing, or what?
Kostadis Roussos: Fancy hotel, it's not… by Indian standards, it's a dump, but it's a really nice hotel.
Joe Beda: I mean, here's the thing, the Asian hotels have the best breakfasts, if…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I know.
Joe Beda: It's amazing.
Mike Hall: Best breakfast I've ever had in my life, Leela Palace in Bangalore.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, yes, the food's great, so this is why we're ending at 7.30. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The morning arrives… And as the morning arrives, let's see, there's…
Ben Pfaff: I've only been offered spaghetti meatballs for breakfast in Asia.
Gabe: What?
Joe Beda: What?
Gabe: That doesn't sound right.
Ben Pfaff: I think it was a hotel in Japan. I was a little confused, but… I mean, it was… it was part of the buffet.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: That's…
Kostadis Roussos: Thank goodness. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Okay, you,
Kostadis Roussos: So, you, you start, you start your long march now. Just to help you a little bit, I've…
Kostadis Roussos: actually helped me more than… I'm sure you guys would have been fine either way, but…
Kostadis Roussos: But to help me, and to make the… the map they have is, like, ridiculous, it makes all encounters impossible, so…
Kostadis Roussos: I will show you a large map, and then the large map will then… I will then jump into smaller maps.
Kostadis Roussos: Unless, of course, you couldn't see everything in the large map, in which case that was a fiasco, but that's all we have.
Joe Beda: I actually made it, okay, that's exciting.
Gabe: And we can indeed see the whole thing, or we could see the whole thing.
Ben Pfaff: I thought we never would get there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so you arrive at the gates of Blindenston.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: That's a… that's a long staircase.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. So, so let me just go here.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm trying to find the entrance to Blinkenston in the, in the…
Kostadis Roussos: Beautiful.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you arrive… I remember where… okay, where's the protocol? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So… Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just put your characters…
Kostadis Roussos: So this is a very… so you arrive in Blinkenson. Now, Blinkenston, as you're arriving.
Ben Pfaff: I only see a black screen, does anyone else see anything?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, then that's because I didn't set the settings correctly. Hold on.
Gabe: Yeah, it was fine, and then it went black.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, that was me.
Kostadis Roussos: Should now see stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Nope.
Joe Beda: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Ben Pfaff: Not yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, right, because I haven't put any of your characters there that would actually see something. That's the problem.
Kostadis Roussos: I put the NPCs there. Now you should see things.
Gabe: Boom.
Mike Hall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive at… so there's this very long series of stairs that, you know, are long and tedious. The Blinkenston, as you're arriving, you know, you might want to ask Jim Jar anything he might… useful he might say about it.
Kostadis Roussos: He's kind of pondering for a moment and says, I'll make a bet that none of you wants to know what's going on, because you like the surprise of discovering what's going on.
Joe Beda: I don't know, I'd kind of like to know what's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, who wants to take the bet? Well, Thorin, you have to let me first make the bet.
Mike Hall: Did… did winter.
Ben Pfaff: Come out of that?
Ben Pfaff: Giant.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: I don't understand how betting works, because none of this makes sense to me.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, rise… so basically what you're rising…
Kostadis Roussos: You're… you're rising… you're coming up these stairs. Jim Jar and Spiderbait and anybody who is the size of a gnome are happily walking up these stairs. For everybody else, these are difficult terrain.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Because there are small stairs for…
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: 3 foot. 3 foot people.
Ben Pfaff: Did we emerge through this portcullis?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you're in front of the portcallis.
Ben Pfaff: Huh.
Gabe: Fair enough.
Kostadis Roussos: You have now… you have now raved at the gate… at the, you've now arrived at the top of these stairs, and Jim Jar is very excited. We've arrived at Blindenston!
Ben Pfaff: Where were the stairs?
Gabe: To the left.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Joe Beda: Wait, and those are differ… difficult terrain for whom?
Kostadis Roussos: For people… for people who are not no's.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: So even a dwarf, it's difficult terrain, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you're the size of a gnome, so sorry, I should've… gnome size, that's not, not literally a gnome.
Joe Beda: No worries, gotcha.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… Anyway, the, the thing, the black, the thing that looks like a…
Kostadis Roussos: tunnel, or so on, which is darker on one edge and lighter on the other, is meant to reflect the stairs that take you up to Blindenson.
Kostadis Roussos: Got it, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you arrive at the gate, gym jar, Turns to you, and says.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I'll make you a bet.
Kostadis Roussos: That,
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he actually doesn't… no, he doesn't. He goes, I'll make you a bet. So he steps back and says, well, the important thing to realize about Blindenston is that Blindenston used to belong to the gnomes, and then it belonged to the drow, and then it belonged to the gnomes.
Kostadis Roussos: And right now, the place is a little bit of a mess.
Kostadis Roussos: But, I'm sure if you try really hard, you'll be able to get help to get out of the underdart from these guys, because they definitely know the way out.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So he… so he approached… so as you approach this main gate, it's a door made of steel and mithril, and laid with magic… secret… magic-resistant alloys, and plated with the matamantine. So basically, it's intended to stop anyone from getting into it.
Ben Pfaff: It looks like it's… the gaps are so wide we could just walk through.
Kostadis Roussos: guests that are…
Kostadis Roussos: Right? .
Gabe: Can we see through it? Like, is it… does it block all light?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you can see through it, and behind it are 8 deep nodes regarding the game.
Ben Pfaff: Guards, that seems more useful than gates.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He… so the head guard goes, Who are you, and what is your purpose?
Mike Hall: We are… Friends?
Mike Hall: And we are looking for, some assistance.
Kostadis Roussos: One of the other guys goes, You are a drow, and we know that drow lie.
Mike Hall: That seems very racist.
Kostadis Roussos: The other one goes…
Ben Pfaff: But I am an orc, and everyone knows that orcs only tell the truth.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you a little bit funny, goes, you're an orc cleric of Bahamut?
Ben Pfaff: Tis true, you, you see me truly.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, hmm. He looks… the other one goes, And who are you? He points to Jim Jar.
Ben Pfaff: Wanna bet?
Mike Hall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jar,
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, so, what? He goes, oh, I'm just a fellow friend of these, they are… don't pay no attention to Daz. Yes, yes, yes, his name harkens to the words Menzo Baranzin, but he's really a really nice guy, he's all about exploring and growing, not about domination and world conquest.
Kostadis Roussos: In fact, I'm told he's reading a really popular book, The Up in the Overbright.
Kostadis Roussos: He kind of nudges you.
Mike Hall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, Daz, say something. You're not saying anything, he goes, Daz, could you say something?
Mike Hall: So, look, like, you may have cause for having had people come and have lied to you in the past, but me and my friends here were actually,
Mike Hall: Detained. Against our will.
Mike Hall: We've found our way out, and as we found our way out, and we've gotten away from the people who were detaining us against our will, and not detaining us because we did anything bad, but just detaining us because we were being exploited, we've grown in number of other people who are looking for,
Mike Hall: Sanctuary. Good people to travel with and find a way to a better destination. We found ourselves here, and we're looking for more of the same.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming, your, your, your, your friend, the, the, the, the, the, the gnome, the, which we'll call it, the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: The gelatinous cube is with you, right?
Mike Hall: Yeah. Yeah, he came with us, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, how did he do on the stairs?
Kostadis Roussos: It's taken him a bit longer, right? And he sort of appears, so this big, gelatinous cube appears, right? At which point the guards go.
Kostadis Roussos: start going… are in panic mode, right? I mean, they're like…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh no! Oh no! They're like, they're like, what did I…
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you want to… they're about to attack Sigilante.
Ben Pfaff: No attention, he's our friend.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah, no, he helped us out.
Ben Pfaff: If you need any of your weapons cleaned, he can do that for you.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at you, goes, you are friend… he… gelatinous cubes aren't sentient, you can't be a friend of a gelatinous cube. Of course, the gelatinous cube is…
Ben Pfaff: Speak to him, Lassie.
Kostadis Roussos: Whoa! Hello! I am really happy to see you!
Kostadis Roussos: You don't have to open the gate on my behalf, I can just squeeze right through.
Joe Beda: Please don't, that would be considered rude amongst, people, so, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, okay, okay, I won't do that. The gnome, the gnome looks at you and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, this is very awkward. We have a very serious… problem these days.
Kostadis Roussos: With… with, with gelato cubes.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Ben Pfaff: No, no, no, no, we have a very serious problem with fungi.
Kostadis Roussos: Not with fungi, sorry,
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you know, I'm gonna say something. Are you sure he's a friend of yours?
Ben Pfaff: Oh yeah, he's helped us out.
Gabe: Quite a bit, yeah.
Mike Hall: He's been solid, he helped us out in a life-or-death situation, and we've been traveling together since then.
Kostadis Roussos: He's passing.
Joe Beda: solid.
Gabe: Solid.
Mike Hall: That's good.
Ben Pfaff: We feed them, you know, the leftovers from our enemies.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Interesting. Interesting. Well, you know, I think this is a,
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, then he pauses and says, well, I really think that, you will want to, go talk to the chief, because, you know, having a gelatinous queue, given the situation in town, might be a little bit tricky.
Kostadis Roussos: he turns to Jim Jarr, he says, Jim Jarr, your name is Jim Jarr. He goes, yes. Are you sure you can vouch for this, Joe… it has a name?
Kostadis Roussos: Chip Jarra repeats the name. Yes, well, okay, I guess we could open up the gate, but I do really think you should go to Chief Dorbo, Digger Matak, and Quartermaster Sennai to see what's… to get full permissions and make sure that, you know, there's no problems.
Ben Pfaff: You know, gelatinous cubes and fungi aren't really related.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, no, I used the wrong word, it's not the fungi. We have an ooze problem.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, well… I mean, you guys are like cousins, right? I ask, I ask the cube.
Kostadis Roussos: Google Yah goes, well, you know, I used to be a pretty dumb, you know, unsentient creature until something happened.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know what happened, but then, yes, I started to think and talk, and I noticed that there were a lot more oozes around.
Kostadis Roussos: A lot more threatening oozes. It was kind of like an ooza-palooza.
Kostadis Roussos: People?
Joe Beda: For whatever reason, Palooza?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, Oozapalooza, that's a good one.
Joe Beda: Name again, his name was.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to… I can't remember.
Joe Beda: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Guys, give me a second, like, I'm sorry, it's like one of those names where I will never remember it unless I have.
Joe Beda: Isn't that, like, an Italian thing? That, like, you know, they did, like, it was a whole Sopranos thing.
Kostadis Roussos: But…
Joe Beda: Gabugul.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh.
Joe Beda: spiced meat.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see, blah blah blah… Glavagol. There we go.
Joe Beda: Glabagool.
Kostadis Roussos: Glavagul, Glavagul. Ghoul, Glavagul, Glavagul, there he is.
Joe Beda: Yeah, no, this is… this is, a Sopranos reference.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I wouldn't be surprised. Yes, so… so Mato goes, well, yes, I have noticed how there was a whole new… the ooze… the ooze population was very excitable.
Kostadis Roussos: They never attack me, because they see me as one of their own, but the other ones seem very, you know, agitated and wanting to go and grow, more so than usual. You know, Woos is… we're a very quiet group, we just sort of sit there and wait for things to come to us. We don't go after things.
Ben Pfaff: So, since you understand the, the ooze mindset, as one might say, why would oozes suddenly be attracted to town if they weren't before?
Kostadis Roussos: Roland, or can you check?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: The group, group art king and truck.
Joe Beda: This is the whole, sort of, like, there's, like, that demon, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Thorne, you remember, yes, you remember that this… you remember.
Joe Beda: Rolled a 5.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I mean, you guys remembered about it.
Gabe: No.
Kostadis Roussos: alright.
Joe Beda: But we can also say that Gleba Gul did help defend us against some, you know, some slimy critters that we ran,
Joe Beda: Yeah, like… into on our travels here, so, you know…
Joe Beda: There is no, apparently, class solidarity across sentient and non-sentient.
Ben Pfaff: It's… it could be that they're just all in town for Oozapalooza.
Kostadis Roussos: and so, so, you recall, you, you, you, you, you suddenly remember, something that, that,
Kostadis Roussos: Daz had said about,
Kostadis Roussos: Jubilex, and at which point, you suddenly notice a switch on a Jim Jarr's face, as if
Kostadis Roussos: He knows something.
Kostadis Roussos: And he says.
Ben Pfaff: Jubilex?
Gabe: The desk, who's…
Ben Pfaff: It sounds like it would be a kind of Mexican candy.
Kostadis Roussos: You actually caused me to crack up now.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, it sounds like something I'd get down to the taqueria in their, like, their, their, case.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, some of these names are just hysterical, just, just, I just have to be quite honest.
Kostadis Roussos: No, there's no. Alright, so let me just find you a reference to Jubilex.
Kostadis Roussos: The Eps Guild is a good reason to know. Dmg being armed. So let me just find you, alright, Jubilex.
Ben Pfaff: Just like Lexapro sounds like it should be a word processor.
Kostadis Roussos: You spelled it.
Kostadis Roussos: Beautiful.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and, you know, since I'm dyslexic, I mispronounced it. It's Jubilex.
Kostadis Roussos: Not Jubilex.
Ben Pfaff: I like Jubilox, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Ben Pfaff: Alright, so that's, Jubilek.
Kostadis Roussos: Back 2 bucks.
Kostadis Roussos: Jupiter, let me see if… Okay.
Ben Pfaff: I'm trying to figure out what it even looks like.
Kostadis Roussos: So he explained.
Kostadis Roussos: Jub… Jubilex is a demon lord who's… Jim Jar suddenly, like, looks as if he's, like, remembering something painful.
Ben Pfaff: Jublex is the demon lord of oozes and shapeless things, of being…
Kostadis Roussos: Represented corrupted nature of the abyss, and was almost glorious in its unrivaled obscenity.
Ben Pfaff: Is this a political allegory again?
Mike Hall: No! He looks at you, he looks at you and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Clerica Bahamut. I… you know, one of the things I've loved working with you is… is you always bring that different perspective. Yeah, of course it's a political analogy! It's demons!
Kostadis Roussos: It's a demon lord, what else do you think you would need?
Kostadis Roussos: Why do they represent the corrupting forces of power!
Kostadis Roussos: Each one has a different aspect of the corrupting forces of power, and a different motivation!
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright. So, he goes, yeah, so as… that is the purpose of… of course they're corrupting influences. The real question is, how are they corrupting?
Kostadis Roussos: Zukotomy is about corrupting things and decay, right? It's all about the decay, sucking the goodness out of things and turning it into endless decay.
Kostadis Roussos: Demogorgon is about relentless damage and carnage. Orcus is about endless death.
Kostadis Roussos: Jubilex is out!
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, shapelessly corrupting everything into this mess that just doesn't have any structure.
Ben Pfaff: Which is your favorite?
Mike Hall: right?
Kostadis Roussos: he looks at you. I have nothing to do with the… I have nothing to do with the,
Kostadis Roussos: With the Demon Lords. I just happen to… I just happen to be someone who collects information and makes bets. If you make enough bets with enough people, they start telling you things.
Ben Pfaff: It's true, and you do seem to be a good listener.
Mike Hall: So, look, like, I'll make the observation that you seem to be very energetic and charged up about things.
Mike Hall: I would like to point out to you, and perhaps you can help us, point it out to others.
Mike Hall: But there appears to be some sort of demon lord fungus thing going on, not too far from here, that I feel like, if actually happens, is gonna be bad for everybody here.
Kostadis Roussos: And, Jim Jar turns to you. I'll bet you… I'll bet you, 50 gold pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: Some… as a little piece of insight.
Kostadis Roussos: That you, before the end of this month, are going to have to go get… arm… arm an army with acid-resistant gear.
Ben Pfaff: That's remarkably specific.
Mike Hall: How much gold do I have?
Kostadis Roussos: 50 gold!
Kostadis Roussos: You have more than enough to make that bed.
Ben Pfaff: We have enough.
Mike Hall: Alright, I'll make that bet.
Joe Beda: Wait, wait, wait.
Mike Hall: Wait, am I betting against that I'm gonna have to build an acid-resistant army, or am I betting that I am gonna have to.
Kostadis Roussos: You are.
Mike Hall: I'm betting… he… so, he's betting I won't, and I'm betting that I.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's betting you will, he's betting you will.
Mike Hall: He's betting I will, so if I take the bet, I'm betting against that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I think I can just shake some water and fix this. I won't need a whole lot.
Gabe: I mean, I wouldn't take the bet. I'm already acid-resistant, so if I'm part of the group, we're…
Mike Hall: No, no, no, he said, he said build an army. I don't… I don't think…
Gabe: Army of one?
Mike Hall: And… let me get one.
Mike Hall: I mean, if he tries to get me on a technicality and we still kick everybody's ass, then I'll give him the 50 gold.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, he adds with a grin a signature… a grin, and I'll take a side bet that you have to retrieve the ingredients of those weapons from a fungal… fungal wedding celebration.
Joe Beda: The.
Mike Hall: You'll have to do the what?
Joe Beda: meetings?
Kostadis Roussos: And I'll take a side bet that you have to retrieve the ingredients for those weapons.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: From a fungal wedding celebration.
Mike Hall: He seems to know a lot. Why is he just making bets with us? Is this, like, his way of telling us what to do? Because he knows the answer?
Ben Pfaff: I don't know if it's ever.
Mike Hall: Do I have any insight into this?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Roel, for your insight.
Mike Hall: Investigation or insight?
Kostadis Roussos: Insight or investigation.
Mike Hall: Alright, let's do an investigation now.
Mike Hall: 17… Wait, no.
Gabe: No.
Mike Hall: Maybe somebody can help me and I can roll again?
Kostadis Roussos: Or if, yeah, some… if…
Ben Pfaff: Didn't help.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't pick up anything. Does anybody have a perception over 15?
Gabe: equal to…
Mike Hall: My passive investigation is 17, and my passive perception is 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what… so, although you don't…
Kostadis Roussos: You do gain an insight that
Kostadis Roussos: that Jim Jar knows way too much detail.
Mike Hall: So, did he get, like, spores in his brain and infused with them, and he actually knows what's happening?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't know that, but what you do notice is that the other gnomes seem peculiarly deferential to him.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gabe: Just real quick, like, what weapons is he… was he talking about? I mean, previously he said acid-resistant
Gabe: Which implies, like, armor, but now you're talking about weapons? Like, what are the weapons for?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Kostadis Roussos: You might want to ask Chief Dorbo and Quartermaster Senai to let… to tell you what's going on.
Gabe: Are you some sort of, like, elite here, or how do you know everyone?
Kostadis Roussos: Blindenston's one of those towns that everybody knows everything about.
Gabe: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's not really that hard to figure out, since you took the bet, that they probably have a ooze problem if they freaked out over a gelatinous cube. They're pretty easy to kill.
Ben Pfaff: I mean, if… I mean, gelatinous cubes are pretty freaky.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and… I shouldn't be killed, I'm friendly, I will only eat dead garbage. I will not eat living creatures.
Ben Pfaff: They're my favorite gelatinous cube, let's put it that way.
Kostadis Roussos: Phew.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't want to be killed.
Ben Pfaff: How do gelatinous cubes reproduce, anyhow?
Gabe: What?
Gabe: Are we starting a family?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Joe Beda: I'm just wondering if.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe it'.
Joe Beda: Instead of an N…
Kostadis Roussos: And armed with acid things, we can have a gelatinous cube army.
Gabe: Alright.
Joe Beda: Is there a way that we can create a gelatinous cube army?
Ben Pfaff: It was just.
Kostadis Roussos: Just so that's…
Ben Pfaff: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I'm just…
Gabe: going with this?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, it goes, well, it's pretty simple, you see. What happens is you leave a smaller tube behind.
Gabe: Oh.
Gabe: Can you just.
Kostadis Roussos: And the spot.
Gabe: 10,000 times.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, well, not really, I could do this once every so often, otherwise the world would be full of gelatinous scoops.
Joe Beda: And… Okay, let's put a pin in that, we can talk about it later.
Kostadis Roussos: But he positively goes, but, but do you like me scoops?
Kostadis Roussos: take a long time to grow, and I did… I did have one a while ago, because I was kind of bored and lonely, but it couldn't speak. I think I'm the only one in the entire universe.
Joe Beda: Oh, that's a shame, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm the only one that can speak!
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses. Oops! Sad!
Kostadis Roussos: Good boy.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, well. Alright. So, yeah, so you asked about Jim Jar and his… yeah, so Jim Jar is claiming that he's figured this out all on his lonesome, but you're definitely getting the impression from looking at the gnomes that there's something more going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and with that, they let you in to… you and all of your group into the maze.
Gabe: Just as we're walking by, can I just take a guard aside and ask him if there's something special about Jim Jar, if they know who he is?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, roll your persuade.
Ben Pfaff: That's smart.
Gabe: Persuasion, you say?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Oh boy, that is not a skill I have.
Gabe: That didn't work.
Kostadis Roussos: They does… he does… hold on, hold on, he does offer you one piece of information in which he says, oh, Jimmy Shar? Yeah, he just looks very familiar that I've seen him before, can't put my finger on him.
Gabe: Hmm.
Gabe: We'll grab.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your, what's your perception?
Gabe: Passive perception is 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you… he's not lying.
Gabe: Okay.
Gabe: some sort of VIP something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Some sort of VIP something. Good, good,
Kostadis Roussos: Good. Yes, that is an excellent, summary.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just go here, need to do one thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, tell me, could you guys see… do you guys see a black… do you guys see something black here?
Gabe: We're still on the same map.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you see a black thing here?
Gabe: That's black.
Joe Beda: All black.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, in darkness.
Joe Beda: My sword's getting very upset.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, well…
Mike Hall: It needs the Daybringer.
Kostadis Roussos: Dawnbringer is, you know, like, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just going to have the party icon, and then if we need to… Alright, so you enter this area that the gnomes refer to as the maze.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, it would be useful if I did this. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, did that work? Did I get.
Ben Pfaff: I still don't pronounce things.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna have to… okay, that was a mistake. I hate technology. Technology hates me. Can we just agree to that?
Ben Pfaff: Computers were a mistake.
Joe Beda: Clearly.
Kostadis Roussos: We, we, clearly, yeah, so let's just agree that computers were a mistake, technology…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, sorry, I, I, I'm gonna use the party icon so that, otherwise you're all… we're all gonna watch me struggle with the trackpad. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, good.
Kostadis Roussos: H.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, did I get that? Oh, okay.
Ben Pfaff: I'm not arguing.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's what I need to remember. Alright, here we go. Save settings.
Kostadis Roussos: I had full page.
Kostadis Roussos: Bill, crap.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, there, finally. Okay, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Default settings were not assigned. Okay, so you've entered the area known as the maze.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, as one of the doves explains, well, if you're being attacked by an army, it's important to make them go through lots of twisty tunnels with deadly traps that you can kill them in.
Mike Hall: That's right.
Joe Beda: Oh, God.
Ben Pfaff: So that's what we're going through.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, not that we're… not that you're… not that we're planning to kill you or anything, but just so you know, we have powerful defenses! He points to… he… he,
Kostadis Roussos: He points to, to Daz.
Kostadis Roussos: And says, just in case anyone has any funny business.
Joe Beda: I mean, actually, I feel safer hanging out with you guys because of your powerful defenses. Thank you for hosting us.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, wow, that's sucking up.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, that'.
Joe Beda: I don't know where that came from.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, you give yourself an inspiration point. That was very well played.
Kostadis Roussos: They are like, oh, dear, well, they're very happy to hear that, and so on and so forth. All right, so…
Joe Beda: What is the gnome-dwarf dynamic?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, so it depends on… it depends on whether you're part of the expansionist faction of gnomes, dwarves, or, you know, the more peaceable group. But they compete fundamentally for the same sets of underground resources.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know, as any two cultures which tend to see the world, which are competing for finite resources.
Kostadis Roussos: you know, you could always ask… Eldeth will tell you, you know, that gnomes are… are, she has a dim view of them. They're not strong fighters, and, you know, they… but they are very clever with their use of magic and gems.
Joe Beda: Okay, good to know.
Kostadis Roussos: And they are allies against the evil that is the deep, under-dark species, like the… and she's about to say drow, and he shuts up.
Kostadis Roussos: Not that… and she turns and she's like, Daz, I want you to know that I have learned to understand that not every drow is evil.
Joe Beda: But, you know, getting captured by them doesn't help her, her opinion.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, but you know, you know, I was brought up to think that drow bad. The only good drow is a dead drow. But I want you to know, Daz, that thanks to our work… thanks to your… thanks to you, I have learned that
Kostadis Roussos: It's not the drow, it's their crazed religious, religious cult of Loth that's the problem. So any crestice of Loth and follower of Loth should be killed on sight, but not every drow.
Mike Hall: And remember, and remember that people may have grown up
Mike Hall: Only knowing that cult, and that they may actually be redeemable people that are just… they came up in a bad environment, so you should be careful.
Joe Beda: I mean, I, for one.
Mike Hall: How fast, how fast do you sling your sword?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Any other person who would have said that to me, Daz, I would have disagreed. But you, you've proven that perhaps
Kostadis Roussos: The reflexive reaction of my culture to treat certain ethnic and species as inherently evil and worthy of being massacred is perhaps,
Kostadis Roussos: Something we should rethink about, I should be thinking about.
Mike Hall: Sure, yeah, it's always good.
Kostadis Roussos: I think it's… I think you're absolutely right. I think it's absolutely something I should think about. All right, guys, we'll stop here, because the next session will… by the time we get to the next… but anyway, it was… welcome to Blingdunsten.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, and.
Ben Pfaff: You're getting up early for us, Castillo.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, dude, no, just for the record, I did… I was looking forward to this. I actually managed to get a good night's sleep, so this is fine.
Joe Beda: Oh, that's good.
Mike Hall: Both.
Ben Pfaff: Yes, yeah.
Joe Beda: Alright, well…
Kostadis Roussos: Again, time shifter for the win, time shifter for the win.
Joe Beda: What is TimeShifter?
Kostadis Roussos: It's… so, basically, your sleep schedule is driven by when you sleep and when you sleep late.
Joe Beda: Oh, this app, yeah.
Gabe: Yeah.
Joe Beda: Did you… you used it? It worked?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I've been using it for all of my international travel, which is why jet lag is painful, but no longer a catastrophe. All right, guys, I gotta go.
Mike Hall: We won't stop you for breakfast. Alright, see you later, thank you. We'll see ya.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.